for a shore
wondering under which fluorescent tile
you last stashed your glowing
even dimly lit , i love you
even flickering and threatening darkly
even then , you know ,
i love you .
i know your heart hurts sometimes because my heart
hurts , because we are tied together with string like a kids '
tin can telephone that we all know but have probably never
seen in anything but an old cartoon but that also probably
doesn ' t work very well as an actual telephone . i ' m shouting
into this fucking can and hoping you can hear me , hoping
that when i say " your eyes shine like salt mines " you don ' t
hear " these shoes are worn and tired like my face " and
when i whisper " this love is keeping me alive " i hope
you hear me at all . when this string is at it ' s thinnest , when
it ' s stretched as tight and as far as it can go , that ' s just
when we should be able to hear each other best . i want
you to know i ' m listening . i ' m listening for your breathing to slow when you fall asleep
and the laugh that escapes when you come . i ' m listening
because i don ' t know where
we are going or what this will look like
next week or next year , but today you were there for me
when i needed you , and i was and am grateful .

 we ' re out here this morning miles
from each other , but close , and these mice are
teething on our toes and these mosquitoes are
nursing on our blood because we have enough
to spare , because we ' ve been doing this for
as long as we can remember and before then .
and this is just fine . and all of this
is exactly what i want .
i should be writing the grant
to get the money
licking you
gently
before submitting to the panel . . .
here i am sitting in your apartment
waiting for you to come
waiting to touch you mouth with
my hands
my mouth
my teeth on your back
my hands on your perfect ass
your hands grabbing my chest threatening
to pull my heart right out through my mouth
i wanna be the dance you want
on a friday or a thursday or a monday night
in your messy apartment or my unmade bed
or on a couch in a university lab or on the floor anywhere .
i wanna be your perfect slut .
carl is asleep at the foot of my bed
he lays against my legs
i have wanted so much
to be wanted i keep collecting
things * in hopes
i am waiting to be ready i collect
and plan for some future when i ' ll be good
enough , when i ' ll know enough or have enough
to deserve to be wanted
in a dream a man grabbed
me from behind and i couldn ' t
get free in the same dream we were looking
out a window your holding me i asked
if you were cold you said no and then
we were on a rooftop softly kissing
i have five pairs of glasses ,
all of which are broken in some way i can ' t
wait . i can ' t wait .
i want to put my mouth
to the spigot of your chest
i want to drink all of you in one swallow .
we will learn to sleep together , or we will die of yearning .
when we die put us in one coffin
you are lodged in my chest like shrapnel ; so quickly you are a part of me .
can i be the screw in your knee ? with you before i met you , with you long after your body is gone .
i want you to know that i keep you
nestled between my gum
and teeth
i taste you
like a prayer i can ’ t quite
phrase to mean
holy , i love you like glass
and shards of rain and
the way it feels to come out of it
a fever or a
bad dream .
dyin on the books
i don ' t own . you
are a gift . of patience , i can ' t say
i ' ve ever known much . like you ,
i ' m a wild - eyed deer on a freeway , which is nothing
like either of us . the day spreads out , stretching
its arms taller in the coming months . more than anything
else i ' ve forgotten what it feels like to fall asleep
in the grass . i will remember this tent we ' ve assembled
until i die .
i know you ' re fragile like a skyscraper ; you
allow the wind to push and pull and shift your weight .
and i know your insides like a mango , sweet and soft
and vibrant . a stray cat lives in me . it wants to arch and
rub slowly against all of your things , to smell you on them .
i search for you in my house . i search through our text
messages looking for the moment we met .
i want so badly to protect you , skyscraper , to
hold you close , to build scaffolding all the way up , but
how then could could the light reflect from your windows ?
how could your proud height be seen from so far , by
so many ? your resilience is your greatest strength ,
your greatest gift , to me and to everyone .

 i am holding you at arms length on a wooden spoon , and i can ' t
wait . i can ' t wait .
i want to drink all of you in one swallow .
we will learn to sleep together , or we will die of yearning .
when we die put us in one coffin
you are lodged in my chest like shrapnel ; so quickly you are a part of me .
can i be the screw in your knee ? with you before i met you , with you long after your body is gone .
i want you to see how good you are . it ' s easy
to see if you ' re still think of this open
when you are bent over something not yet your own . i don ’ t care if you hum while it happens or if you frown at the lamp like he already knows . he does always seems to know . you adjust in your chair , sip the still water in the still water glass , you breathe a little too loudly for five short breaths , and you curse the bulb , but still carve on by the light .

 false alarm
i think my phone is dead , so i ' ve decided to write you an informative poem about it .
ahem .
i love texting with you most days .
but now my phone is mayonnaise .
it died a quiet death
which i hope you ' ll accept ,
and still wanna make out with me anyways .
oh nevermind . it ' s fine .
you know what it means
to hold the weight of a switchblade
a loose translation
but mostly i like how your mouth moves
i want to tell you about the
paddle boat :
i am eight
man made lake
stocked with sad fat fish
and cola cans
a single forgotten tire
my grandfather leaves me
to tie her to the shore
but i am so little
and the mud is so thick
and i have sliced my hand
on the gills of a trout
he can not see me
crying
later in the truck
he pulls his brass knuckles
from the glove box
and i wear their weight
on my right hand
the whole ride home
he is teaching me
a soft kind of violence
a loose translation but
you like the way i ramble
right on into the cool night
or up toward the ceiling fan
glowing red like the traffic light
pouring in from the intersection
through the window above the mattress
where you lie like a blade
and i look over my shoulder
to see if you ' re still
coming .

 i ' m so sleepy and sorry for doing such a bad job sleeping with you
my head is cloudy , i want to fall into the rhythm you keep
i want to kiss your chin and the scar above your eye and all your new
scars as they arrive
can you feel me ? i ' m right behind you .
i feel you like the morning
i hope you know i ' m trying .
i ' ve set three alarms , so i won ' t forget to wake up , so i won ' t forget to wake up , so i won ' t forget you .
last night , i dreamt of a math problem of you , your closet segmented
and defined , a perfect differential .
i am water filling your cup , taking your shape .
i want to eat you like yams , sweet and nourishing .
i want to drink all of you in one swallow .
we will learn to sleep together , or we will die of yearning .
when we die put us in one coffin
you are lodged in my chest like shrapnel ; so quickly you are a part of me .
i want you to know that i keep you
nestled between my gum
and teeth
i taste you
like a prayer i can ’ t quite
phrase to mean
holy , i love you like glass
and shards of rain and
the way it feels to come out of it
a fever or a
bad dream .
dyin on the books
i don ' t work here
paper or plastic
i only wanted to maybe
dance with you among the pears
the exotic ones that come in their own soft sleeve
a treat i can not justify
so many dollars for so few bites
i changed the lights because the harsh fluorescents
caused a glare that
cut me right across the lip
and now i am bleeding
