It’s bedtime for kitty cats.
The Cat’s in the Bag
Last night I was calling the cat and she wouldn't come, which is weird because she is incredibly compliant. Then I realized it was a possum 
My cat now hangs out with a baby possum.
There is a rule in our house that if the cat is on you then you cannot get up until the cat decides it is time.


We never thought we would love another cat after G.G. died. Then she showed up. Meowy McMeow face meowing her head off. She was skiddish but really wanted food and protection from the male cats that were chasing her up in trees every night or into the really stinky couch on the porch next door where she hid in the cushions.
Chris said we couldn’t keep her.
We invited her in. I think she was so accustomed to sleeping in between the cushions of that old couch that she took to sleeping under the covers with me on my chest.
I was not giving her away. Chris said that he did not think we should keep her. Too soon.
She learned to use the cat door, which means we did not need a litter box. Chris was warming to her. But going outside means hunting.
24 cuban brown anole lizards
22 grasshoppers
6 moths
4 dragonflies
3 cicadas
3 butterflies
2 grubs
3 geckos
1 june bug
1 squirrel (didn’t die)
3 doves (some died)
1 green anole lizard
1 roof rat
 All brought inside. And these are just the ones we have counted in the 7 or so months that we have had her. Worth it. No cat sweeter. Or more talkative. I call her Kiki and Mama and Baby. She loves cheese, and pulling drains plugs out of the drain and watching the water run down there. Chin pets. She loves being up high. Sometimes, we are surprised to see her on the neighbors roof two stories up. She loves to talk. She is not the skiddish kitten that came to us but is still a Meowy McMeowface. The only cat I have met that allows belly pets. She comes to bed on command when we tell her it is bed time for kitty cats. What else do you want to know? 
  

Cats are like natures cats
They are huge beasts of burden with four legs, two ears and plenty of fur
You might be inclined to think of cats as tiny domesticated tigers
However, history has shown us that cats were invented by the Egyptionites to help drag huge ice blocks used in erecting the Pyramids of Giza
There are at least ten different types of cats
There is the rare alley cat,
The lesser known tabby,
Cartoon cats like Tom and Garfield,
Black cats, who are really wizards that have been punished for using necromancy
Robot cats developed by sony in the early 1900s,
Girls wearing cat ears, 
Cat memes
and at least three species now extinct because of overfishing


One interesting fact about cats is that they are all female except for black wizard cats
Also, they have terrible eyesight and mostly navigate by smell and echolocation
A cats lifespan is comparable to a the age when child celebrities start using drugs
If you drop a cat they will always land on your feet even if they are in the other room.


Here are some useful tips if you think a cat is the right pet for you


1. Feed your cat at least once a week
2. Never iron your cat
3. There's truth in the phrase: kill two birds with one cat. Keep your animals separate.
4. Do not marry your cat. They always get the house and kittens in a divorce.
5. Cats are not toys. They are tools. Use them properly and they will last a long time.
6. Often you will have to choose between your cat and your children. You can always have more children but can you always have more cats? The answer is yes.


And lastly a little bit of cat Trivia


Cats are controlled, by the Devil.
Cats cant swim but can drown
Cats are portents of death. If you see a cat you will probably die in the next sixty to seventy years.
Cats are like horses for squirrels
I have no cats
I am not allowed to have cats anymore
This completes the final portion of my community service


She’s been dying for over a week now 
The Cat
I can hear her outside in the yard 
Mewing
Spewing fur balls 
As curse words
Through the cycles of days, she dies,
I cannot concentrate on my papers, you see,
For I have many papers on which to focus 
And many things that must be done
And are not getting done because of that cat
Dying in the yard
And every scream is woeful like a swan song
And every time I look at it I think it might have finally
Kicked the bucket, but then I see a twitch,
And I hear a spewing mew and I think,
Oh, that damn cat, I’ll never get all of these papers done,
I have completely lost my focus 
Due to that cat, that nasty old cat
Who won’t just die already, die, cat,
Oh, you! Oh minx of hovering Persephonic tendencies,
Your expiration date is up and you are lingering like a loaf on the shelf
As you die out in my yard
And I am feeling much frustration at you, Cat,
Because I think you chose me
Because I think you know that I know that misery loves company,
You old puss, and you know what else?
I think I might just take a handgun
And shoot it right into your stupid cat mouth,
Cat, dying in my yard, what would you think about that?


I want to write something clever about death
Something to make the cat sit up 
Pause from her licking
Look over to see if I am ok
Not slipping away from the warm seat
Of the plastic lawn chair
Nothing
Not even a wind to blow
Leaves across my bare feet
And it pierces me to pieces
                The Nothing
And if there is something it looks like a nothing
From this side anway
The way we can’t stop leaving
The way we always seem to be leaving
How it ends up leaving
Make like a tree they say
Make like a tree
The words sound so stupid
Coming out from behind all those
Yellowing teeth 
Live for today they say
Even staying is a kind of leaving
Tell me, small one, paper tongue, 
Where does this loose wondering live
When the body decays
Or is pulled from the mouth of an oven
Is it mine then
Was it ever
Deborah doesn’t answer
She is busy licking


When I was a child, my mother was so cold. 
She had a frozen heart
She couldn’t hold me close
But put me on the ground from the start
Without socks, without a hat
When I was a child, my mother was so square. 
Her curves were shaped like 
Once we left the house she let my baby brother strangle our cat. 
He was old. 
You told me it’s not how you thought a mother should be. 
A mother, a daughter needs a family tree. 


There’s a sort of perfect sun hanging in the sky
It’s a pale sort of light
And a delicate sort of day 
And everything is balanced sort of perfectly so
Between being just so and not being that way
And sure, there’s trouble next door
And sure, there’s trouble in my heart
But a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing
And everyone here believes that they’re perfectly right
On this delicate day
In this pale sort of light 
It’s an almost perfect world but not quite
And there’s sort of perfect to justice to trouble like this
A little bit of worry in an ocean of calm
Just enough to make me shiver 
Just enough to make me wonder what’s wrong
And sure, there’s trouble next door
Keep looking and you’ll find what you’re looking for
But a little bit of justice is a dangerous thing
No one lost any sleep over it last night
On this delicate day
In this pale sort of light
It’s an almost perfect world but not quite
Let’s not move too fast and let’s not look too hard
And let’s really think twice before putting up a fight
On this delicate day
In this pale sort of light
It’s an almost perfect world if not quite

THE LION went once a-hunting along with the Fox, the Jackal, and the Wolf. They hunted and they hunted till at last they surprised a Stag, and soon took its life. Then came the question how the spoil should be divided. “Quarter me this Stag,” roared the Lion; so the other animals skinned it and cut it into four parts. Then the Lion took his stand in front of the carcass and pronounced judgment: “The first quarter is for me in my capacity as King of Beasts; the second is mine as arbiter; another share comes to me for my part in the chase; and as for the fourth quarter, well, as for that, I should like to see which of you will dare to lay a paw upon it.”
	  “Hump,” grumbled the Fox as he walked away with his tail between his legs; but he spoke in a low growl—
        
	“YOU MAY SHARE THE LABOURS OF THE GREAT, BUT YOU WILL NOT SHARE THE SPOIL.”

hey are you following me right now
I've seen you before you were standing there waiting
and now you've been following me for a couple of streets
following me
but you don't know
that I also don't know
where I'm going
going
	We sat outside on the patio
with an ashtray and a bottle of wine
and ordered the world very well
ordered the world very well
And even then we knew it:
that it's one thing to say
and another thing to do it.
 
We sat outside in the front yard
with a pencil and a pad of paper
and ordered the world very well
we ordered the world very well
Cause everyone should have their rights
and everyone should have their druthers
and everyone should take good care
of their business and their brothers'
and even as we wrote it
we obviously knew it:
that it's one thing to say
and another thing to do it.
 
give me a little bit more
take away a little bit less
I won't be happy
till you're only saying yes
 
So why don't you take care of me now
and i'll take care of you
and let's get down to business for real
until this business is through.
Somebody once had a good idea
but someone else could see though it:
it's another thing to do it.

I hate my life I hate my death
I love my heart I love my breath
I love my life and love my death
I hate my heart, I hate my breath
 
My life I hate and so my death
I love my heart my hate my breath
My hate is love my heart is death
I love the heart which hates my breath
 
I hate my love and love its death
But give my heart its hateful breath
I love my life, my heart, my breath
I hate to love my heartfelt death
 
And love is love, but hate is hate
So evening thickens down to late
So why not plan a grand escape?
A grand escape to end the hate?
 
And if you end your breathing hate
Your heart will empty all its freight
Another breath will breathe a life
Another heart will feel the knife
 
Of hate of love of heart of breath
By hatesome love by heartsome death
By way of hate by will of death
The dying heart sustains its breath
 
It drives a nail into my love
It molds my hate inside a dove
The dove flies off with all my breath
But leaves me with a loving death
 
And makes for me a home of hate
And in this home I build a crate
I place inside my love and death
I place my heart and hate and death
 
And there I watch them all go round
And hold each other close to ground
And there I learn to love my breath
And hate my love and love my death

When you're tired of bridges you'll know how I feel.
When you're hungry as a hook, on a line, on a reel.
When you're further beneath the road than you were beneath the wheel.
When you're tired of bridges you'll know.
 
When your waking's the same, and the same once again.
When you're hungry as you can't remember since when.
And you're too tired of bridges to even begin
When you're tired of bridges you'll know.
 
When you're tired of bridges you'll know how I feel.
Everyone's still waiting to start laying the keel.
But you're already afloat, then you'll know how I feel.
When you're tired of bridges you'll know.

Standing up
chopping green beans
Makes me wonder
Do I miss some backbone
Like my brother
Everything hurts
That last longer
Than 3 minutes
 
With my mind
I’m ready to go re own my body
Just my body doesn’t know
I’m ready to go re own my body
 
This city is full of schools
To grow your muscles smart again
And stop dragging myself through life
Like a bag of sand
 
With my mind
I’m ready to go re own my body
I’m ready to go re own my body
Just my body doesn’t know
 
Your knees are
Not intelligent she said
You live in your head
You live in your head
And the climate there
Well you can tell it’ll rain
When the sun goes down
 
For my teachers
I’m happy to
Stretch my limbs
Until they’re numb
But all victories
Don’t stay in my knees
I stumble around
Like a legless girl
Walking on thoughts

More
More than work,
More than girls,
It gives me something to do.
More
 
It gets me up in the morning.
It gets me going.
It really gets me.
 
It gets bigger over time.
 
(Guilty pleasure)
Everything it says
(Guilty conscience)
makes good sense
(Guilty pleasure)
It's a very logical version
(Guilty conscience)
of myself
(Guilty pleasure)
It's a telephone game with
(Guilty conscience)
both cans over my ears
 
With friends like these
It's my own best enemies
 
Over time I developed multiple personalities, and was rewarded for it -
 a dollar for each additional personality -
until I wound up in therapy and was told that I had too many personalities
and to get rid of the ones that were causing me trouble,
especially the guilty ones,
and I could see the argument in favor of this -
more free time for shaving and waxing those areas of my body that need to be shaved and waxed, for drinking iced nescafe, for getting my ducks in a row, for making a good impression on others, for gum-flapping and lip-wrestling, for investigating new sexual positions and how they might be applied in my own life in order to achieve hither before unimaginable (to me) levels of pleasure,
for training the cat to stop doing those things that displease me
and start doing more of those things that please me,
for finally learning Spanish god knows I've been talking about that forever -
less guilt means more time to try hard not to be bored with,
so I tried, I really tried but I just couldn't do it, Doc, you see?
'cuz that guilty little voice was me all me all me.
 
It gets me. It really gets me.

There's a sort of perfect sun hanging in the sky
It's a pale sort of light and a delicate sort of day
And everything is balanced perfectly so
Between being just so and not being that way.
                      And sure there's trouble next door.
                      And sure there's trouble in my heart.
But a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing
And everyone around here
believes that they're perfectly right
On this delicate day, in this pale sort of light,
It's an almost perfect world but not quite.
 
And there's a sort of perfect justice to trouble like this:
A little bit of worry in an ocean of calm.
Just enough to make me shiver  
Just enough to make me wonder what's wrong.
                      And sure there's trouble next door.
                      Keep looking and you'll find what you were looking for.
But a little bit of justice is a dangerous thing:
No one lost any sleep over it last night.
On this delicate day, in this pale sort of light,
It's an almost perfect world but not quite.
 
Let's not move too fast, and let's not look too hard
And let's really think twice before putting up a fight
On this delicate day, in this pale sort of light,
It's an almost perfect world, if not quite.

this is going to be over soon
 
this awful day with its awful news
the sad complaints this city accrues
this will be over soon
 
o drag yourself away to work
and then away from there
it's important, yes, important to care
it's important
 
this is going

With a new tone of voice
I started talking today
Hey sweetie get up
Cause there are things that you like
In a world
that does more
than just scare you
There's pets to love
Foods to try
And trees to climb into
 
With a new tone of voice
I started talking today
Not sure if someone was there
Not sure what I had to say
 
You could be
a person that I like
You could be
not matter how embarrassed I
keep talking to me
 
Marching in a line
through the balcony door
the ants
they don't command themselves
they trust and just keeping going
as I lie here on the floor
should I
stop to command myself
 
You could be

For a moment
I saw the start of
the road that leads to
the circling around
 
For a moment
I felt the hint of
your hats being
unused
 
I stumbled upon
A message
 
of my friend
who wrote friends
that they took
you off
that life
that you took off
that support
that your heart
 
A message
 
For a moment
I saw the start of
the road that leads to
 
I stumbled upon
 
a begin to approach
a breath
a cave
we don’t want to go

When I was a child
my mother was so cold
she had a frozen heart
she couldn't hold me close
but put me on the ground
from the start
without socks
without a hat
 
When I was a child
my mother was so square
her curves were shaped like angles
Once we left the house
she let my baby brother
strangle
our cat
he was old
 
You told me it's not
how you thought
a mother should be
a daughter needs
 
When my mother was a child
Her father said no word
He didn't move a bone
out he went and shot
a bird
But didn't bring it home
 
When my mothers mother was a child
Once their house burnt down
Her mother was so mad
So mad she left without
her hushand and
too bad
her cat
he was old
 
You told me it's not
How you thought
a mother should be
a daughter needs
a daughter needs
	
I HAVE REALIZED THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO WILL STOP WANTING MY LOVE AND I HAVE TO LET THEM WALK AWAY AND NOT CALL OUT TO THEIR SPINE LIKE THEY ARE A BUS I AM MISSING, FRANTIC ARMS WAVING AND RUNNING THROUGH THE STRIPES PAINTING THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET DISTINGUISHING THE TWO WAYS FROM THE ONE WAY, YOUR WAY NO LONGER MY WAY, YOU’RE GOING THE WRONG WAY, HIGHWAYS, BYWAYS, LANES, AND COURTS, AND DEAD END, NO OUTLET, CAUTION CHILDREN AT PLAY, WE WERE ONCE HERE PLAYING, STAY IN YOUR LANE STAY IN YOUR LANE AND I AM LEARNING NOT TO FLINCH WHEN THE LIGHTS CHANGE OR THE CROSSWALK SHOWS ME HER PALM, A HAND CALLED WAIT A HAND CALLED SLOW SPEED COUNTDOWN, A HAND CALLED SOME CULTURES RELY ON CARDINAL DIRECTIONS BUT WE PREFER JUNGLES BE MAPPABLE, AND HERE I AM STANDING IN THIS LAMPLIGHT WHISPERING TO YOUR TAILLIGHTS: BUT YOU ALWAYS USED TO STOP AT THIS PARTICULAR INTERSECTION, YOUR ROUTE HASN’T CHANGED I AM JUST NO LONGER INVITED TO RIDE IT AND SO I WILL PULL OUT MY TOOLBELT AND I WILL REMAKE THE WHEEL AND I WILL LEARN HOW TO ROLL ON THE CURVE OF MY OWN SPINE AND I WILL STOP FEEDING THESE CRUMPLED DOLLAR BILLS INTO THE RECEIVER OF YOUR MOUTH BECAUSE YOU NO LONGER WANT TO TURN MY SCRAPS INTO MILES AND YOU NO LONGER WANT TO SHOW ME THE CITY BECAUSE THE CITY IS DEAD TO YOU NOW, EVEN THOUGH I COULD TRACE THIS ROUTE IN MY SLEEP I HAVE MAPPED THESE POTHOLES WITH MY BONES, LEARNED THE SHAPE OF THIS COMMUTE LIKE A PRAYER I PROJECT ONTO STREET SIGNS BECAUSE I SPENT YEARS WITH MY FACE PRESSED TO YOUR WINDOWS-- I LOVE YOU. EVEN HIGHWAYS ARE REROUTED DURING CONSTRUCTION. SO HERE’S MY FEEDER ROAD AND IT’S JAMMED WITH A WHOLE LOTTA CARS, ALL TRYING TO GET ON WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY TRYING TO GET OFF BUT  THE INFRASTRUCTURE JUST ISN’T EQUIPPED FOR THAT KIND OF DUALITY YET AND SO I LET YOU BE THE BUS I DON’T CHASE AFTER BECAUSE I JUST REALIZED I WASN’T GOING DOWNTOWN ANYWAY, THE BUILDINGS ARE BURNING AND I AM READYING FOR A FRESH BUMPER TO HITCH TO LIKE JUST MARRIED SOUP CANS, SO HERE’S ME ON THE SIDEWALK CROUCHING, AND IF YOU’LL LOOK YOU’LL SEE ME CROUCHING, AND I’M PATIENT AS FISH BENEATH DAMS, AND KIDS BENEATH CREEKS, AND STREET RATS NESTLED VERY CLOSE TO THE BRIDGE DRAWN GRAFFITI ASKING FOR THE NEW CITIES AND WHERE ARE THE NEW CITIES, I WILL MISS YOU. I WILL MISS TAKING THE BUS HOME. I SHREDDED THE MAPS. I AM THE ROAD NOW. A BIRTH THAT FEELS LIKE A NEW KIND OF DEATH.

I come back to the spaces I carved. I come back to the spaces that carved me. I lay down my tired tools. I pick up the familiar ache. I let the dull blade sharpen me. I unplug and I replug. And I curse the shock but I praise the spark. And the faces keep changing but the hollow remains. And the woman in the mirror is a million mouths parting. Slow motion movie pink parting. A soft jaw gnashing. I crawl away from the bath towel. I chrysalis across the floor. I wait for her to turn away. The room goes red. I am leaving now. And I don't look her in the mouths when I say she can't come with me.

I want to look you right in the teeth. Dentistry. Where you come to grind. Where the tongue tilts to hold the whistle. We park by the park and get high in your red sedan. We undo our seat belts. Automobiles. I listen for the click. It's on the radio now. I tell jokes in the check out line. Broadcasting. There's something we dropped. I'm supposed to say "let go of." You don't like when I end in a preposition. Grammar. She curves away from me toward the cashier. I remember to buy juice for the first time. I remember the weight of the plastic. Droning. I let myself slip into it. A nightgown or a fever.

THE CICADA FLIES JUST TO DIE IN THE MOUTH OF THE SONGBIRD

It went like this: 
I never knew I wanted it until I needed it
Time can be a skinny line you draw on your knuckle with a chewed up bic pen
Hope can be what you keep stashed between your gum and cheek

	A FOX was boasting to a Cat of its clever devices for escaping its enemies. “I have a whole bag of tricks,” he said, “which contains a hundred ways of escaping my enemies.”
	 
	  “I have only one,” said the Cat; “but I can generally manage with that.” Just at that moment they heard the cry of a pack of hounds coming towards them, and the Cat immediately scampered up a tree and hid herself in the boughs. “This is my plan,” said the Cat. “What are you going to do?” The Fox thought first of one way, then of another, and while he was debating the hounds came nearer and nearer, and at last the Fox in his confusion was caught up by the hounds and soon killed by the huntsmen. Miss Puss, who had been looking on, said:
        
	“BETTER ONE SAFE WAY THAN A HUNDRED ON WHICH YOU CANNOT RECKON.”

She says there are many ways to 
Birth things
Motherhood is not a straight line
Boasts the sidewalk chalk marks
Of little fists 
Carving pictures onto pavement
A hieroglyph of where we’re going
We are on the front steps and
I remember my mother’s ankles
Creaking toward the cool grass
Watching the dogs run in the
Lawn in her nightgown
She bore in me a secret
And I will keep it until I 
Return to the cool grass at her feet
I carry her in my palms 
Because they were her palms first
And I hold her in my fists held high
Because she raised hers first
And I can know love
Because she taught it to
Swim backwards through my veins
Like a school of brave little carp
Upstream upstream
There are many ways to 
Mother things
Sometimes she gives you
The chalk and a nod
And you nod back
And you swim to that horizon
And you make tomorrow
Your own Monet

I like to think that one day death will roll over from the other side of the mattress and smile when she says that I snore like the tiniest engine.

Time cranes her milk white neck to stare in your direction; I remind you of dying and what it costs

I will love a million sad faces before i die. 

You can only chase a dying thing for so long before it’s done dying and dead.

And you
Tapping a fork against your skull
Like it might change 
The way things are.

I lost you in the well
I tossed you down there
On the 3rd of July
And I waited til the 4th to
Fish you out with a bucket
My daddy used for slop
On the farm his mama
Married into
I did not ask you about the water
Or what it felt like in the hole
I had given myself to the sun baked surface
I had convinced my lips they 
Liked to be dry
I told the same stories
With slightly different endings
I drew in the dirt with a stick
I promised to remember this
Teetering near the mouth 
Of something hollow 
Every blade of grass
Bending in just the right direction
I slid into the crust of the matter
I let the earth be the earth
I let her sing in my foot soles
I knew you were down there
I knew you were down there
And still I wailed like you were dead
When really you were resting
Belly up 
Floating 
In the cool of where I’d kept you
I wailed because wailing is 
Human and I was trying to feel
Human 
And you were trying to feel
Fish and loaves
And bounty
And clean drink
And when the slop bucket came
You knew it was your ride
Made yourself small and
Climbed inside 
Watching the rope 
Disappearing 
Up into the light. 

We practice 
Like children playing dead
Eyelids loosely held
A kind of barely closed 
To appear 
Effortless
I am sweating into your mattress again
I am the leaf that turns itself over and over
But now
Silent we
Pin bellies to backbones
Masking the rise and fall 
That will
Give us away
We try to remember 
The dirt in the grave is cool
That this
Should be comfort enough
When we are twitching and 
Writhing on the sidewalk
When we are slow motion
Shot in the gut and falling
Ham I am
The death we all rehearsed for
The pleasure of the pantomime
The mouth forming the perfect 
O
Never on time
Always a Thursday
Or a Wednesday
Or whenever we remember
The calendar leaking well kept squares
From the refrigerator door

I feel broken
Whatever it is waits
And I can never seem to remember
That by running away from it
I am running toward it
And by standing still
I am standing inside of it
Whatever it is
Perhaps the art of walking 

I remind you that we walked out of the water
You forget there is a word for that feeling 
You are a straight line horizon
Your curve is not yet discernible
The doctors will go on for years
Thinking the world is flat

Do we stumble into it does it
These are the things i remember
And they come with the kind of plastic protective film of small parts in a larger package
And you tear them open to get the pieces you need
 
We drove right up on the lawn that day 

I’m sorry I expected you to follow me into such heavy traffic.
We tried so hard to give ourselves names that keened
“We will never again be salted or allow our cheeks to flush.”
We screamed “My name is not a handful of sand!”
while building castles with leaky buckets, watering kudzu and wishing it were cacti.
Our name became one single interstate pockmarked with billboards to endorse our name
in glossy colored graphics and agreeable fonts.
Our name suggested we would no longer be called workers or drones,
but instead grow fat on the fat of other drones and force workers to eat each other
like guppies. Our name will lose twelve point six billion dollars this year or
thirty-five million dollars a day or one point four million dollars an hour or
twenty-four thousand dollars a minute or four hundred dollars a second.
We told our children their name was dollars,
and they understood it to mean novelty stopwatches. Our name will become
synonymous with sleep and fake names. Our name will hire
extra help and send out uniform Christmas cards with dancing
sheep cartooned on the covers. Our name will be known for its maudlin irony
and tearlessly contrite sense of humor. Our name will be the second best thing we have
going next year. Our name will generate publicity like a bear fight. Our name will
designate colored sand and accurately sift through tiny plastic hour glasses.
We will, as always, define ourselves in opposition.
Our name will declare itself sovereign and identify as a whale.
Our name will practice lying, manufacture handsome images, and invent a new religion.
Our name is a new religion.
Our name will shake the hands of possums and rabid wolves alike.
Our name will not make value judgments.
Our name will not be caught dead without an umbrella.
Our name will not, for long, be our name.

She is in the bathroom of that restaurant across the street 
searching for her keys in the toilet.

His father cried when he was born
and ate pain killers until he fell asleep.

When it snowed they would all huddle around the oven, 
and the boy sometimes dreamt of locking himself inside. 
His brother would pry open the door and pull 
him out like a boiled pig, 
swollen and tender pink.
He sometimes thought he had a snout.

When he looked at his sister in the dark
she sometimes had a bloody beak
that spoke garbled Spanish and chewed
on rabbits feet.

Religious groups who set up tables at universities collect hecklers like political protestors collect policemen.  I am fairly certain both God and Darwin would agree on this point.

In court people often blame the sky for their traffic accidents.  Only there’s never 
been a traffic accident in this town because all the cars are made of mercury.

Louise saw a frog in the road the other day and mistook it for a tiny cat.
I think God and Darwin probably hang out together sometimes.  

The banjo is the only actual American invention.  A snare drum with strings, its parts 
were stolen from other inventions.  An honest American theft, as most theft is honest.

I am actually a root.  I am the shortest root of the tallest conifer in Washington state.
Washington sales tax is six and a half percent.  No one has ever questioned my integrity.

Confused luggage has, on occasion, led to marriage.  One woman said of her husband
that the contents of his suitcase was the bedrock of their understanding.

My identity has a combined IQ score of anxious.  The main commonality between 
all people is breathing.  I try to make myself less common by smoking cigarettes.

I am in love with over-ripe fruit.
I am in love with half-built sand castles.

No one else called sober.
Who lied; I can’t remember
if it was my destroyer or your gunboat.
Who ever swam across a pillowcase?
Who ever woke up in the ground?
It’s not the same as tax collection.
We’re not the remainder of this year’s deductions.

I’m not the charge of your tired uncle.
I’m not the blisters on your feet.
The side-mirror got hit by a rock from the tire.
The dictionary gave us the wrong directions.
The charity dance paid for the new auditorium.
Your lipstick is smeared on the bumper.

The only thing I remember 
of your letter
is its thick yellow paper,
like hair, and the beginning
of the last line that read
I’m not sorry.

Write a poem about writing a poem in a creek bed.
Write a poem about creek beds and catfish.
Write a poem about a poem about catfish.
I will never live up to my own expectations. 
Write a song about a poem about creek beds and disappointment.
Write a song about green algae and child-sized rapids.
Write a song about slippery rocks and hooked minnows.
Write a poem about your father.
I am afraid of death and failure.
Write a poem about your father’s father.
Write a poem about love and failure.
I am a stationary bike with a cracked odometer.
Write an epigram about the death of your own species.
I am afraid of my own species.

A Journal Entry Written In Somebody Else’s Apartment Home

I am learning about cats
They don’t read like dogs, cats
Not sure what they’re after
Then again, they’re not telling me
I don’t live here
And at night I lie on my back for one of their humans
In the morning I don’t brush my teeth
I am not to be trusted

My mother believes in family curses
That we carry the sin in our bones from birth
Passed down from our fathers

My mother, on her hands and knees, begging to grow, to shine leafy and green among a bed of thorns. I wanted so badly to lift her from the dirt, take the shovel, remove each glove, fix her eyes to mine and say, “I will do better, ok?” Then, rinse my mouth with the hose, city water to wash the taste of sour grapes. 

My mother’s ankles creaking down a hallway
But now I am getting it all wrong 
This is now 
And you grew up and learned the use of your neck
And ankles do not creak to clean your spots and palm your naked head
Running, it never stops 

Elliot I say, his hand small in mine, the room white with that afternoon kind of light, we are looking at the ceiling, what happens, do you think, when we die, when we die, yeah Elliot, when we die, I let the words float down onto the pillow between us, the letters fall like alphabet soup, i try to catch one with my mouth, probably nothing right, probably nothing right, we’re quiet for awhile now, then, he hands me a stuffed mallard and takes my temperature with a spoon. 

They said there was a leak under the hood and my transmission was badly sick. It would cost $650 to make her driveable again, which was all the money that I had, plus some that I did not. The turn signals were out and he was uninsured. I only wore a lap belt because that’s all the gardeners cadillac had. I slammed the door shut and marched into the small cramped mechanic’s office behind the boarded up Sears department store like a golden paint cadillac queen. 

Open your mouth when you dance to let the birds of your soul out 

Learning how to die over and over and over again so when death comes we are ready 

Life catches up with form 

The body has been robbed, the body has not been robbed.

To resist fixivity 

Cardboard boxes sprawl like lilies
underneath
Your grandmother’s table.
These are the things we remember:
You were buried on a Thursday,
Luke-warm blood drained by strangers in suits
In some basement of some people's’
home-like structure where
Dead people go to become dollies, to
Be the main-event dish of an
All-you-can-see buffet.
You were dead that day,
And the day after, and I suppose that even now
You are dead, but lately
I feel your smile vibrate
Across the boxes,
And we are children sitting cross-legged 
Underneath 
Your grandmother’s table.
“You girls don't be too loud,”
With the all-you-can-see buffet of grandmother in
The next room, living room closed off to hide
All of the boxes.
Your funeral was on a Thursday, and
By Friday the rats came 
With the rain and
Folded up the lily petals,
Shipped them all away

Billowing 
Caterpillar spill from
A cyst above the knee
It was better when someone else called the doctor
The land lines of our
Mother’s, the cord curling around a
Corner, snaking 
And now I curse my bladder
A thousands tiny cistems 
Planted high above the knee bend
And it was easy when they asked me to the porch
Tho I would not have a cigarette
I had sucked myself dry long ago
On well water courage
Hard tap that turned my hair orange
In the white rock house
And fifty cent cones
Boxed and frozen
We could feel pebbles then
In the softs of our feet down a driveway
Bikes were only red then
I was casserole form then

I wish I had told them
About Adam’s first wife 
On the porch
The one not of his rib 

Instead 
I cursed the carpets 
For swallowing floorboards 
For leashing me to the 
Filth of
Partitioned spaces
Skin cells of renter's past
Tenant tango across pink shag in a farm house
There were stalks
Corn was always in season 
My dogs knew not collars 
My father knew not mortgages
And cowboys would warn
From radio boxes
Singing
Moanin
Not to
Cry
About the leaving.

Get the tombstones ready--
November approaches.
I wonder which of my babies 
will be the first
To die.

stump
into the shape 
of a giving tree
petrified,
sprawling, frozen
underground 
in an ordinary forest
of an ordinary bookshelf
pages for leaves, 
give today
your body, rings
for lives, give
until what leaves:
the stump,
the soil,
the hardwood floors,
the rotting roots
beneath

We strip shaved sanded away
The bits that stuck

Sharp as nails in sandy tooth beds
I was your salt lick darling

You lapped at my ankles.       
I remind you of biting

And what it would cost
A bulbous grin

Atop a landing strip
Those Cadillacs stuck

Vertical in the desert
It would be different in ten years

The color comes on stronger in the morning

I could not ask for these things
Lips grow slowly

But I still gave you
Four quarters and a 

Roll of twine
And we still shackled our

Ninth grade bodies
To the locker rooms and hallways

The freshly cut lawns
And once it came on like

A daydream and the
Fever whipped you to egg whites

It could be a shadow

A thumb to shuffle
We pour over every blemish

Stark naked in full view 
Of the window

Counting wallpaper flowers
Until the numbers

Align to mean
Mountains and peaks

A leaf understands its branch
The early fall

Time cranes her milk white neck
To stare in your direction

I remind you of dying and what it would cost.

I have hallucinated billboards 
In a cross country fever dream 
I have peered over white knuckles
With Americana eyes 
Drunk on wheat fields and construction cones
If I were an advertisement you would not purchase me
If I am too beautiful, I lack function
If I am too useful, I lack grace
I am the swiffer with the longest arm
I am lightweight for your convenience
Many of my parts can be replaced 
I will lift you from the floorboards
I will trap you in my damp cloth forever
I will bring you to the garbage pail
You will remember how I smiled 
Shiney from the roadside and one hundred feet tall
When I was a sale in Illinois
That you kept passing up
An exit you keep missing
You will not purchase me even with 
The credit line that grants you travel
You will save your points
You will save all your points
Until you can fly first class
Into the mouth of something
Far off and yellow, you always wanted to find the sun
Hovering around the next bend 
But you can only chase a dying thing for so long
Before it is done dying and dead
I sprouted from a wheat field
I grew scaffolding and lights
I promise many things 
That may or may be true
But you will not know 
My function 
Or my beauty
My use
Or my grace
You do not buy into billboards
Or brooms disguised as mops
Disguised as anything else.

I am growing new limbs out of fresh sockets
I tell the bones to stay
I am bending my body away from my reflection
I am forgoing the looking pain
I am trading it in for the serving tray
A platter of turkey sandwiches
Triangles with crust
I am trading it in 
For a frontier with a dead eyed sun
I will find the optometrist
I will bring him to the horizon
I will point to the largest star 
He will nod while he pulls out
His instruments
I want to 
Hollow out the yellow I keep
I want to carry a bright box for your words
I want to pull them out when we are lonely
Lively, can you read me
Lively, will you read to me
I have worn down my spine for your pages
Let me twirl you
I do not mind if your body is changing
I do not mind if your mind is keeping up
Or your feet are keeping rhythm 
Or your home is a pile of
Sticks you bent into a shape where you fit
I have scurried through many forests
Collecting nuts and berries
And little rocks for my paws to keep
We do not need much 
I love that about you
We do not need much
I need that about you

We practice 
Like children playing dead
Eyelids loosely held
A kind of barely closed 
To appear 
Effortless
I am sweating into your mattress again
I am the leaf that turns itself over and over
But now
Silent we
Pin bellies to backbones
Masking the rise and fall 
That will
Give us away
We try to remember 
The dirt in the grave is cool
That this
Should be comfort enough
When we are twitching and 
Writhing on the sidewalk
When we are slow motion
Shot in the gut and falling
Ham I am
The death we all rehearsed for
The pleasure of the pantomime
The mouth forming the perfect 
O
Never on time
Always a Thursday
Or a Wednesday
Or whenever we remember
The calendar leaking well kept squares
From the refrigerator door

I lost you in the well
I tossed you down there
On the 3rd of July
And I waited til the 4th to
Fish you out with a bucket
My daddy used for slop
On the farm his mama
Married into
I did not ask you about the water
Or what it felt like in the hole
I had given myself to the sun baked surface
I had convinced my lips they 
Liked to be dry
I told the same stories
With slightly different endings
I drew in the dirt with a stick
I promised to remember this
Teetering near the mouth 
Of something hollow 
Every blade of grass
Bending in just the right direction
I slid into the crust of the matter
I let the earth be the earth
I let her sing in my foot soles
I knew you were down there
I knew you were down there
And still I wailed like you were dead
When really you were resting
Belly up 
Floating 
In the cool of where I’d kept you
I wailed because wailing is 
Human and I was trying to feel
Human 
And you were trying to feel
Fish and loaves
And bounty
And clean drink
And when the slop bucket came
You knew it was your ride
Made yourself small and
Climbed inside 
Watching the rope 
Disappearing 
Up into the light. 

I grow cold on the counter
No
The coffee
Grows cold on the counter
No
We grow cold near the counter
Tell me
Has the sink told you any 
Stories today
Have the cabinets opened 
Their wooden eyes
To watch you
Banging your 
Little pot drums
You play like it might save you
I box up what matters
I tape it shut
I rip it open
I box it up
I tape it shut
I rip it open 
I want it back
I want it back
I want it back
I tunnel into cardboard
I crawl along the narrow edge
I bring the soup can
And a string 
So I can still hear me
Cups and clattering
The lonely whisk droning
The box tips
And we all go banging out
And we all go banging out
Into a fresh oven blackness
Into a salvation of spice cabinets
And serving spoons
And electric burners glowing
And cupboards moaning
And I on the counter
And you
Tapping a fork against your skull
Like it might change 
The way things are.

Your cat will live for nine years more.
Are you ok?
Maybe I am not safe

Thanks for tuning in to what is the sonicfizz creamfoam, where the skritch and skratch of the dead are transmitted for the first time ever from an electromagnetic spine into a vacant cave noodle, that’s you, baby, where we find that friendly end and bend an amp to it. I’m your gender neutral host with the crackly, snappy voice, who speaks in short, rhythmic bursts, <like this, and in pitches of rich, mellifluous, churchbell ring, <like that. The voices call me Murk. Those are you, listeners, interpreters, translators, information black holes. Ready yourself to splice a lobe into the 999th dimension, baby. Don’t forget to take your wills. And wash ’em down with the fountain of realities. 

Are you an ageless radical needing access to the means of production? Want to spread your radical propaganda to other ageless young-at-hearts in the form of poetry, posters, parodies, pastiche, parataxis, portrait, projection? Want to worry the old and rich that they might not have secured immortality and coasting into a glutinous, sticky, feathery sleep while the rest of us rot? Seize meaning and work with your neighborhood intersectional ontologists, Wristnibblers Publishing and F You, Dad Publications. You can submit a piece to the holographic virus or you can submit to fascism and oppression. 
Your choice, b-holes.

Alright folks and forks, today I have a juicy, fuzzy entrée of ghosts to float down your dark maze of ear canals and land with a rap upon the drum to your mind. This first track comes to you from another planet, almost exactly like ours, in another universe that died a million years ago. The only difference was that this planet developed sentience through the crustacean lineage of early lifeforms. Its hominid equivalents were complex arachnid beings about the size of a housecat. They covered their bodies in jewels in the way that we wear clothes. They created instruments that could be useable between one and eight limbs. Their music was incredibly vast and intricate, and with what we might only be able to compare as “free will” they could build webs impractically. Consciousness is feeling like you can have a choice at all, isn’t it? Whatever we’re supposed to do, we get to be bad at it, if we want to. And guess what? These spiders bleeeeep shred! The effect of sound no one expects is the best one of all. As a four-limbed creature who only plays with two, if I imagine being a spider musician, I would probably want to use all eight of my limbs. But these freaky spider cats saw less limbs as being the more “avant garde” choice, hence their use of two-limbed instruments strikingly similar to ours. These instruments were considered highly specialized and usually were homemade. 

	Dig this:
There is one, overriding, binding, cosmic joke. And it is: As above, so below.
        Ebenezer Lorenzo--the Neeze--he would spout such musings when he was on the grass. He was always more hip to the skinny on the grass. If the ether was really tickling his antenna, he would say things like, “There are three possible points in time: before, during, and after. You should have a pizza prepared for each of them,” or “All things that are are transitory,” or maybe even, “Nothing seen is imagined”. He was wise to the natural law of civilization and thus capable of riding the wave with a steady balance more so than others: everybody is lying about everything to everyone all of the time. This knowledge left him well equipped. He made an art form of conflict resolution--another skill he was glad to have loaded into his clip. Ladies often said he was a steal after a shower and a haircut--but he never did either. And he always had the best experimental psychedelic drugs.
        These experimental psychedelic drugs were the reason Sara Tonin liked to hang onto the Neeze. Sara liked to look good, seek out the good, and most importantly, feel good, and The Neeze always had the goods.
His goods were so good that even his friend Myles Goode, a stern critic and stalwart skeptic of the good, had been known to say at parties, “Yeah, the goods are good.” And Myles Goode never said that anybodies goods were good.
That’s how Sara first met the Neeze--Myles. She was at one of those parties he had been at, you know, one of those ones he was at from which he had been known to have said that the Neeze’s goods were good even though he was an ardent judge of the good and rarely dispensed compliments and she said, “Oh, yeah? Sounds like I need to warm up to this Neeze of yours.”
And Myles said, “Lucky you, he’s at this very party.” He reached a hand out of his pocket and pointed to the kitchen, “He’s over there in that group of guys.”
Sara scanned the kitchen, noticed the gaggle of men wearing matching green leather jackets, and said, “Well, which one is he?”
And Myles said, “The third one from the left, see, they’re all in a gang of sorts. From the left there’s: Arnie Head, Skip Shoulders, Ebenezer Lorenzo, and Tommy  “Two” Toes.”
Sara floated on over and said to the gang right up and down, “Head, Shoulders, Neeze, and Toes. Neeze and Toes, you guys are the fellas I’m lookin’ for.”
And that’s how Sara Tonin got to know Ebenezer Lorenzo. 
It turned out that Tommy “Two” Toes was a looker, and so, for a couple of weeks or so after that, him and Sara went at it with each other whenever the night called before settling into platonitude. Now, the three of them frequently hung out in the Neeze’s apartment and got loaded while records onto needles in the corner.
But Now is Then and Then is not Now and now we are now in a different Now, a new Now where the Neeze is saying, “Sorry, Tommy, I never wanted it to be this way,” and he’s shootin’ off his gun and Sara is screaming about the God-dog that just zipped right into and right out of the room.
The Neeze had been on the trail of that God-dog for quite sometime after one day catchin’ a whiff while sitting down and really thinking about why his dog always barked at nothing. 
The dog barked at nothing because it was definitely something, that something just usually managed to avoid detection, thus rendered a nothing to most observers, but the Neeze was steady into Urban Cryptozoology so he saw the nothing for the something that it was: a God-dog.
Now, these God-dogs looked just like large, jet-black Saint Bernards. But the thing about them was that they were always roaming, crossing between all of the possible timelines, jumping in and out of different causal streams. Whenever startled, by say, a dog barking, they jump to another timeline.
However, sometimes they get curious and return to a previous time line to investigate after the perceived danger has passed.
This particular God-dog, which the Neeze later named Chester because he thought that was a funny name for a transdimensional dog entity, had taken an interest in the Neeze’s dog and thus tormented him accordingly, becoming a regular character in the Neeze’s day-to-day life.
Sara thought the God-dogs were weird and didn’t like to think about them.
Tommy “Two” Toes was dead now, so he didn’t think about anything. He hadn’t known about the God-dogs before, anyhow.
Tommy “Two” Toes was dead now because Tommy “Two” Toes was a fink and dead finks don’t talk and that’s how the Neeze liked his finks, dead.
Sara didn’t have a particular preference on the survival rate for finks because finks weren’t too big of an issue for her, but for the Neeze, finks sometimes came on the by-and-by and that was a heavy load he wasn’t trying to lift; feel me?
The Neeze was having a hard time because he had really liked Tommy, they had been friends, good friends. In certain scenarios on alternate timelines seen only by a couple of God-dogs, the Neeze had even called Tommy “Two” Toes when he needed a ride from the airport and in another one the Neeze helped Tommy move into his new apartment to help him save a buck on some movers. But now, on this timeline, Tommy “Two” Toes had two bullets tucked into his head let out by two pulls from the Neeze’s trigger finger and the puddle of blood stained the carpet too deep to ever really come out.
The God-dog, boldly, popped back in briefly before immediately popping back out.
“Goddamnit! I can’t fucking stand those things, Ebenezer!” screamed Sara.
“Yeah, well what the fuck do you want me to do about it!” the Neeze yelled back. “You know there’s nothing I can do!”
And that was that. Nothing was done. And so they sat, weighted under the fomenting silence, waiting for the next time the sun rose.

It’s funny—you know—that in their trajectories and compositions, everybody seems unable to not get in each other’s way. 
Misael is thinking this as he stands at the corner of Smith and Walker in downtown Houston, catty-corner to City Hall—traffic being the most acute manifestation of this phenomenon, he figured. Misael was high. He was on the spice or, as the signs posted at gas stations prohibiting its sale referred to it: “synthetic cannabinoids”. He was always more hip to the skinny on the spice. More in tune with the way things tended to be, at both the end and beginning of strings—or so he liked to believe. None of us really got to know him too well because he didn’t talk much, but I see right through him.
He watched the people as they drove by or parked, yelled or talked. There is something very telling of the way someone exits their car concerning what they just parked to go do, he thinks. Misael’s hands are in his pockets and his headphones are in his ears and everything he owns is in his backpack.
He slouches against the crossing sign at the intersection. 
His mother had always told him that he stood too heavy on his feet. But he also thought that maybe he did because she always told him that he did.
While standing at the intersection, contemplating the repercussions of actions and their self-imbued significance, Misael took a step forward and was struck, hard, by a white Ford F-150—the driver never had a chance to do otherwise. Misael’s fibula and tibia snapped in half followed by his ribs caving in from the impact of the truck’s grille. The skin on the right side of his body scraped against the pavement—his right side, of course, being that Smith is a one-way southbound road and he was facing east—the skin came off like a banana peel right up to his chin, followed by the cranial fracture against the pavement that did him in.
        But this time: 
While standing at the intersection, contemplating the repercussions of actions and their self-imbued significance, Misael tapped the pedestrian crossing sign and waited for the oncoming traffic to pass before crossing the street ahead of the signal’s turning. He only pushed the button so that the light would turn green faster for the cars heading in his direction. He knew that Smith was the busier road, and for whatever failing of infrastructural planning, the light seemed more often green for Walker, so, like he did before anytime he crossed, not bound by traffic signals, he pushed the button to advance the movements of those behind him. 
The F-150 carried on, unimpeded.

        Meandering through the park, up and down and around the winding sidewalk, stopping at every post stuck in the ground to yank on it, Osmo eventually came upon the group, his deep brown palms turned up with the spice in their cups.
        Downtown loomed just over the brim of a small power plant from where we stood, leaning against the concrete on the side of the freeway on-ramp overhead—the freeway leaned on everything else around us, all around the city, against it, holding it up.
        We all stopped what we were doing—mid conversation or otherwise; waiting for time to pass with nothing but the thought of it—how could we not? Here it was. Our way out.
        Out, however, isn’t quite right.
Through.
Misael had known that today would be a good day—we all knew that Wednesdays were good days—Wonderful Wednesdays, Misael liked to say to himself. Wednesdays were the days when there was the farmer’s market in front of City Hall, across the street from Tranquility Park— our old agora—and when the people in slacks and sweaty dress shirts with loose ties—loose because it was lunch time, and because it felt good, and because they were in the city, and because they made money—would come down from the office buildings, down so many elevators, and seep into the newly renovated promenade and fountain the city was trying to show off. It all happened in the shadows of the skyscrapers which would suck them back up like sponges at 1:30PM—the end of lunch.
        But it wasn’t the office workers that mattered—it was the vendors. The vendors with their dollies and their tents and their need to set them up that afforded an economic opportunity for those of us with eyes to see it. At first we had all tried. Each of us went down to the curbsides. The “You need help with that?” and the “Here, let me get that”—but we soon learned that didn’t work. It only worked when Mike and Road did it, because they were white. And none of us really liked that that’s how it was, but that’s how it was, and every Wednesday, Mike and Road went down and said the need-any-help’s and carried chafing dishes full of chicken tikka masala and rice and cartons of cold pressed juice. Road even had a regular thing with the egg sellers from Brenham. They would bring back the cash that the unspoken contract allotted them, hand it over to Osmo who knew a guy who worked as a stocker at a headshop in the Heights, and then Osmo brought it to us here, at the park under the overpass, just northeast of downtown, licked by the bayou, ignored by the city, on Wednesday nights, wonderful Wednesday nights.

Misael had spent last night—Tuesday night—at that park just northeast of town. The park ran along and spilled into and down the neglected part of the bicycle path on the bayou, underneath the overpasses, with all the people coming and going overhead. The bayou always smelled, but not enough to put any of us off—I mean, not much could, given our situation—and the trees slumped as if they were shoulders shrugged too many times.
Old Mitzi had her power inverter and car battery out and was charging a buck per minute to plug into it. She sat on a bench towards the edge of the park closest to the bayou, the battery next to her and her left leg swinging back and forth, expectantly. She always kept her head in a wrap, and her eyes on everything else.
Mitzi was old, very old. None of us really knew how she did it, you know, stay alive for so long—she wasn’t really one of us, wasn’t interested in getting high, said she was already in tune with whatever there was to be in tune with. I think the way she did it—you know, stay alive—is because she’s an entrepreneurial son-of-a-gun and if there was a way to flip a profit she was on it. She said she was a devout Buddhist. And I know, we all did, the her spirit animal is a fly rubbing its hands together but she’d tell you that it’s a chameleon. 
Misael spent two dollars and two minutes using his blow dryer to heat up his pairs of socks to dry the sweat so he could keep wearing them without getting cold feet. 
Misael always carried a blow dryer in his backpack, it was a surprisingly useful tool. He thought about charging the tablet that he used for everything in his life, it was his books, his articles, Wikipedia, music, and all the podcasts that he would download in wifi hotspots but figured he could wait until tomorrow and try to nab a little charge from a power outlet downtown—he had enough left to listen to music for at least an hour and a half or so tonight. Misael couldn’t sleep without music. It helped him transition.
Misael had a hard time sleeping (a hard time with anything, really) because he was itchin’—itchin’ for one more inch of perception. In the whole damned universe, he just wanted one more inch outside of himself. He could only feel so much, see so much, touch so much, taste so much, smell so much—at any given moment—of only one blip of the whole thing. The way he smoked that smoke, anything at all that would change it, really, you could just tell he wanted to see a slip in the cracks, to crawl through it, and hope to make more sense of the place he had squeezed out of—the streets of grey and carefully planned green and fences and steel and cars and bricks and the people inside of them, each different from him, each filling and feeling their own blip and you know what I think is the worst part about him? That he thinks he’s the only one trying to push past his blip, the only one trying to expand. And maybe he’s right, about most of them, but that doesn’t mean he’s the only island where a boat is being built. 
        I think he found it strange where and what his reality was, where and what and how it happened to be—where and what and how it happened to be for anyone, really. But I do think that there is one chief wisdom that kid got a hold of: he knew better than to ask why it happened to be.

Right before Os delivered the spice today he had overheard some shit in the stairwell of the parking garage underneath Tranquility Park.
You see, there’s a parking garage underneath Tranquility Park. It serves not only the park but also has entrances to city hall and The Hobby Center for the Performing Arts. No one parked there to go to the park, no one ever used to go there but us. But plenty did park there to get to city hall, including the mayor and his aide who were just returning from a school district financing meeting in Spring Branch when Os overheard them chatting:        
“—and, by the way, go ahead and say I sign off on changing the street signs in that neighborhood from ‘Dead End’ to ‘No Outlet’, that councilwoman is right, the average household income is high enough now,” Osmo heard the mayor say and he and his aide started up the staircase, unaware of Osmo standing at its top.
“Mayor Turner, while I realize that the meeting we just attended holds its own merit, we have a much more important item to attend to: self-driving cars are becoming a real phenomenon and we are going to have to address that as a municipality and governing power. Uber is already testing self-driving cars in several cities and it will surely have—”
“You know I trust you, Ryan, but honestly, what do we care about something that hasn’t happened yet?” said the Mayor, wiping the grease off of his chin from the french fries they had just picked up at the drive-thru, at that one McDonald’s downtown that all the people who held the sticks at the top of the systemic parameters which created the homeless people that they always complained about when they went but they always went, because it was convenient and they cold always roll up their windows and turn up their A/C. The Mayor was tall with a bald head and enough wrinkles to seem as if he knew a thing or two about this world but not enough wrinkles to know about the way things are. He was also sweaty—sweat being inescapable in Houston, Texas, it stained his shirt under his jacket which currently hung draped over his arm. Osmo never knew if he felt glad or betrayed that this man was the same color as him.
“But Mayor Tuner, don’t you see? Without the revenue accrued from traffic violations, the city budget would require massive redirection. Just think of all the money we’ll lose from the missed search and seizures. These self driving cars are designed not to violate the traffic laws, we simply can’t—” But then they were getting to the top of the stairs so Os carried on out the stairwell and into the park.
What he didn’t get to hear was the Mayor say, “Ryan, wipe that ketchup off your pants, you look ridiculous.”

        “Self-driving cars, mothafuckers. I said self driving cars,” Osmo told us exhaling the first hit from the Holy Trinity—Os always got the first hit because he had the connect. The Holy Trinity was the brainchild of Road: a spliff twisted up of spice, tobacco, and weed. “Who would’ve thought of that shit. Self-driving cars.” The overpass above let out a honk. It was getting dark and the traffic had it all clogged up.
        “Shut the fuck up, Os. Stop talking about bullshit that ain’t a concern of ours. You’re just on some shit,” Road said, spitting on the grass.
        “What if I am? Don’t mean I didn’t hear what I heard.”
        Misael had thought of self-driving cars and he knew that tons of people had—he’d read about them online—but he kept his mouth shut and waited for the spliff to come around. He wasn’t concerned with what any of us had to say—he never was. Always coming and finding out what he owed Mike and Road for the spice, smoking it up, twisting up his little portion, and walking off, down the slope along the green of the bayou.
The deal is this: Mike and Road get the money. Os gets the stuff. Everyone who smokes it had to pay up at the end of the month, scrounging together whatever we could get our hands on. It’s not like they killed us or anything if we couldn’t pay—they just stopped hooking us up—and that was enough incentive to be timely for the lot of us. 
        And now, ever since last month, we have to go over to this park just northeast of downtown to get high. Before, we could just smoke it and hang at Tranquility Park, right across from City Hall—sometimes the fountains would be on, sometimes they wouldn’t be—but now there’s always construction being done on the park, on the fountain. 
Os says that he thinks that the city has shifted its umbrella of care to include the park across from City Hall because of the recent redevelopment of downtown—and the thing about Osmo and what he thinks is that he’s usually the closest to reality of any of us and the scary part about what he says he thinks is that once the city cares about downtown again, that “this shit—all this shit—all this shit we’ve got goin’ on here: it’s finna be over. Just like that,” and right about now he’s usually turning one hand over the other in front of himself and saying, “and time will go on, just like that,” and he’ll spin his hands, one over the other, “just like that. Nothing but remains.”

        As all the ones who didn’t crash at the park started to peeter out, Mike approached Misael, leather jacket crunching as he reached his arms behind his head. “Hey Mis, I was thinkin’ the other day, and you seem like you like to know a lot about shit, always keepin’ your mouth shut. So I figured I’d ask you: Why is the world so cruel? Like, I mean, man, I have seen and still see a lot of shit. Like fucked up shit. And it’s got me thinkin’, like, why?” 
        “Because everyone is tryin’ to survive,” said Misael.
        “But if everyone is trying to survive, why is it so hard?”
        “Because everyone decided to make it hard for everyone else.” 
        Mike looked real sideways, he didn’t seem to like that answer but it set in motion something within him.
        We were never hungry until we were asked.  Our bellies existing in a state of indeterminacy, fluctuating. until observed and thusly endowed with a state—a name. We knew better than to do that, but always, someone would ask. The old magicians knew something about naming that the physicists would have to wait to find out. 
        I heard Misael say some shit like that to Road one night, one of the few times I heard him say anything. Road said Misael was wasting his time reading and listening to so much shit instead of hustlin’  and it doesn’t matter how much he knows as long as he’s hungry. “It’s all about puttin’ food on the table. Capitalism, man. That’s why people get greedy, that’s why they want to be rich. And because somebody has to be rich, that why we’ve got to be poor.” Misael just looked at him and didn’t respond and put in his headphones and started walking.  
Road spit on the ground and flicked him off.
        As far as the lore goes: one time, when Road was presented with a glass filled halfway with water at a halfway house and asked if he saw it as half full or half empty, he picked up the glass and drank it.
        Misael did not exactly dislike Road but did not exactly consider him a friend either, more of a necessary implement. Misael was headed towards Notsuoh, where he charged his tablet. That bar never had a problem with him being there—he always bought a beer and sat by an outlet, sometimes playing chess with the owner, Jim—which, unfortunately, is not true of all the bars which in recent years, had sprung up around it. Notsuoh has been around through the rises and falls and booms and busts of the developments of downtown, each boom flavored as the time it’s going to really stick—it has long provided a home for the weirdos, the dejected and the late night flaneurs regardless of the periodically contrived guises of doing so, all just a marketing trend up and down the sidewalk and the Metro Rail Line.
        It was at Notsuoh that Misael would sometimes run into Old Mitzi. That enigma—didn’t smoke but often drank, usually carrying ketamine in her purse which she would sometimes share if you were lucky. None of us know how she always had it, but she always did. “Dissociatives are the rye-whiskey of psychedelic drugs,” she would say. 
Whenever their trajectories overlapped at this downtown shore, Misael would sit by her and she would tell him that whenever we finally learn how to download our consciousnesses, the cyberworld will already be full of yogis and monks who have achieved the same state; they used the organic technology, we just happened to have used the digital technology.
And he would imagine himself saying “You ever think about how interesting it is that we, as a species, constantly watch or read either fabricated examples of other members of our species or recountings of their actions, contemporaneous or historical—like, all the time? Think about it—the world already happened—nah, think about it, man—it’s a great story, and we’re now, we’re just watching it—think about it—like, did you know Frank Sinatra’s son was kidnapped? Fuckin’… the first international effort to chart the transit of Venus—the Haitian revolution—the U.S. selling weapons to the Mujahideen to catalyze a built-to-spill war on the Russians while simultaneously funding the fuckin’ Contra war—those are great stories. How are we gonna come up with better material than that? Answer is we can’t—so we just watch it, man.” And, in his mind, Mitzi would say, “You’re have a point, child—by the way, has anyone ever told you that you stand too heavy on your feet? It’s bad for the soul.” 
        But really he wouldn’t say anything. Just nod and sip his drink, knowing he would soon run out of anything to sip.
        
        Now, right now, it’s Tuesday again, and it has just started raining, and someone is asking Misael if he’s hungry, if he needed anything. And Misael, half unconscious on the bench, just beginning to feel the drops of rain, and already not one to speak unless comfortable, just turned away and the altruistic son-of-a-gun said, “Fine, I get it. You like this bullshit. Forget it.” But Misael never forgot what people said to him and it hurt him to know that he had negatively impacted someone as they went about their day, their life.
        After the man continued walking, his face in his phone, texting away, Misael pulled out a cigarette with its top ripped off and smoked it down to its filter. He put it out under his boot and stuck the butt in his pocket, so as not to litter.
        Misael had only ever been alive since the potential for the extermination of the human race had been as well. His was a childhood of canned baked beans, Barnes & Noble floors, a fear of strangers, a fear of God, of waiting for mornings, of drives between estranged parents’ apartments on either ends of the beltway, a fear of loneliness, a fear of fear. He used to sleep with his baseball bat under his bed and his mind on his window in case the apartment were to catch fire in his sleep—but only at his mom’s, it never crossed his mind at his dad’s. He had seen a public service film in his gym class and it stuck with him.
        And Misael always remembered, one time, his mother, she said to him, “Now Misito, when someone tells you that this life is hard, you better listen to them, because they know the truth and they know something that can help you know more than they know and then you can know more than anybody else knows, so long as you keep listening to the viejos who tell you that this life is hard.

        Another quick word concerning Misael: unbeknownst to him, or any of us, really, his earlier pushing of the walk sign and influencing of the flow of traffic caused the subsequent positioning, in space and time, of a particular Honda Odyssey, just a few blocks down, to be in the same position in space and time as a particular Toyota Camry that rolled past its red light because of a SnapChat—a collision. It can be argued, had that particular Odyssey  (one lane over from our ol’ F-150) been subject to the full term of its red light at Smith and Walker (or even, too, if Misael had walked into traffic this time around, to be honest), it would not have come into contact with the Camry at that phenomenal vertex of space and time. 
The person who drove the Camry is still an asshole, though, either way.
        
        I’ll have you know: We, as a people, invented the parachute before we learned how to fly. 
        Osmo showed up at the park one day and told us all that. He had been two blocks over at the library, a place he liked to go whenever he got, as he called it, “high as the earth is round”, and he liked to pick up a book at random until he learned something new. Misael always looked up whenever Os talked about this practice of his, and I swear these were one of the few times we saw that boy look up, whether from the ground or a book or a screen or a joint.
        Road said he didn’t care, but he never did, so none of us cared that he didn’t.
        “This year at Burning Man, I want to build a giant parachute, a parachute big enough to drag you down the playa, like a big ass kite,” Osmo said, grinning.
        Misael liked the sound of that and the accompanying image in his mind’s eye, but doubted its actual execution. 
Osmo went to Burning Man every year. He had a guy he sold spice to—he worked downtown, oil and gas—liked to feel a certain type of way and Os had that way. Thay guy went to Burning Man every year and thought Osmo was the coolest so he bought him a ticket and flew him down every damn year--so long as he brought the spice. And he always did.
And Osmo would always say, “It’s all Burning Man, man. All the neighborhoods, all the houses, lined up next to each other—they're just tents in a theme camp on the playa. It’s all Burning Man, man,” he would say. But the thing is, we rarely saw houses. 
        Road didn’t believe that Osmo actually went to Burning Man every year, more like he just went once, or maybe, like a couple of times—but Road always carried within him the possibility that, whether it was or was not, absolutely everything regarded as true could not be. He never expected rain from a cloud until he found out if it was smoke.

        I’m sure you want to know so I’ll tell you: We call him Road because that’s what he told us to call him because he says that’s where he’s from and where’s going. He’s been here for five years.
        All we really knew about Mike was that he wore a leather jacket and road a bicycle. It’s not that we didn’t know much about him because he never talked, rather, he never talked about himself. He never smoked the spice but always went down to the market with Road to earn us the money for it. Os respected him for that. Road thought it was dumb but was glad to have the help. 
        We’d heard that Mike used to have an alright job—a kid and shit. And that one day he got a DUI in front of his own house—the fucking cop pulled him over as he was parking and took him to jail. He lost his job as a teacher and his wife left with the kid but then she got pancreatic cancer and died and the kid lives with his ex-wife’s sister and Mike had just pulled an exit ticket. He couldn’t kill himself so he decided to stop playing the game. He was just living until he died. Os says that’s the kind of thing that has to happen to get a white person on these streets. That, us, we’re just born with it. Misael always put on his headphones when Os said shit like that.
        But then again we’d also heard that Mike had been a contractor and his wife had been shot over a parking spot dispute, so who knows what’s really true?  Well, I guess we also know that he has a dead wife.

 Months after all of this, though, Mike did actually kill himself. We were on the roof of an elevated parking lot. We were laying on our backs, on the spice, looking at the stars. Osmo was telling us all about how he wants to be a lobbyist. “Them’s what make shit happen,” he said. And Mike was looking real sideways and none of us really thought much of it and besides, the night was clear and the stars were above us, and the spice felt good. But then Mike stood up and he started yelling:
        “I have to eat! I have to have shelter and I have to have help when I am sick! But we have all decided that these things cost money, so they have to be earned!” He wiped his hand over his mouth and shook his head, exhaling. He smacked himself in the temple. “We all just decided to make it harder for each other! What the fuck is that shit?”
        Misael gulped. Recognizing his words.
Road leaned up real quick and looked Mike right in the eyes, they had a special bond, probably just because they were white together but maybe because they worked together. He knew. “Come on, now, Mike. Cool down a little bit.”
        “No!” Mike yelled and he took off his leather jacket and tossed it to the concrete. “ I’m mad. My fucking wife is fucking dead and it doesn’t fucking matter. There is no weight to be levied—I’m just fucking mad. I am mad that no matter what I do, I have to keep myself alive and to keep myself alive I have to play a stupid fucking game that I don’t dig. So go fuck yourself with that shit. I’m not cooling down.”
        “C’mon, man,” Osmo started. “Come off with that shit. Look I’ll roll up a fat trinity for you, you never smoke with us, maybe it’ll help get you straight. Maybe that’s your problem in the first place.”
        “Fuck off with that, fool. No. You don’t get it. Why did we make it so that the rules are that you have to earn the right to survive? That you’ve got to get skills, to get money, to exchange for food and a place to live. That’s how we say it’s always been. So that’s how it is.” 
“Alright now, I feel you, my brother,” Osmo interrupted again, he had read about something like this at the library once, enough the lift what he was putting down. “It is true that this is the first time in our history that it has been possible for us to exist into perpetuity outside of competition with ourselves—”
“—but we won’t do it!” Mike exclaimed. “We won’t do it because it has never been that way and so we all say it never can be that way because we all base the present and the future on the fucking past and the past fucking sucks, so I guess that’s how we’ve all decided the future is going to be too.”
And he did it.
He actually did. He jumped.
        And everyone stood and did nothing because they did not know what to do. Except for Os, who just looked back up to the sky and said, “Truly, this life is hard.”
        But anyway, now it’s Tuesday again, almost Wednesday, again, Wonderful Wednesday, again—but not quite. It’s nighttime now and it’s still raining. Misael is walking down Fannin Street with his hands in his pockets and his headphones in his ears and his raincoat on when the dreaded flash of lights of blue and red and blue and red and blue and red and blue and red and the heart pounding that never didn’t happen no matter how many times this did.
The police cruiser sped up until it pulled in front of him and a short Vietnamese cop got out and beckoned with his arm, “Come on, I’m fucking with you, Mis. I confiscated some pot from some kids this morning. Got any spice? I’ll match you on one of those spliffs if you’ve got any spice.” He opened up the back door and got back in the front seat, turning off the lights. “Come on, get in. I’ve had a shitty day.”
Officer Tran got a kick out of Misael—the shit Misael would say. Officer Tran was one of the only people Misael would talk to—none of us knew why. Hell, none of us even knew Officer Tran, he was Misael’s thing.
“I only have a little bit, man,” Misael said. “You know we re-up on Wednesdays, but I’ll throw it in.”
Officer Tran didn’t really like his domestic situation. For that matter, Officer Tran had recently realized that he didn’t really like anything about his reality. He found himself at the end of the wax, where the myths fail and the scaffolding underneath begins to poke through the seams and he could see that the scaffolding was not very sturdy, indeed, and he had begun to think about alternative foundations.
But it was the health insurance—the need to have it, really—that kept him at his job.  
        Officer Tran reached over the computer in the center console of his patrol car and fished out a pack of Zig-Zags and tossed them back to Misael. “Whatever, it’ll work. We’ll just use mostly weed. I’ve got a CD case if you need something to roll on.”
Misael looked up, into the rearview and made eye contact before starting to break up the weed and spice in his lap.
“What’s wrong, man? Come now, I need some of that clever shit you always say. I’ve had a weird day.” The buildings on the streets of midtown—just on the edge of the skyscrapers—whizzed by the car, the lights in the windows catching in the rain drops catching on the windows of the cop car. “Had to break up a fight at a Chili’s,” Tran continued. “Some guy started going at a waitress about how his potatoes were fried not mashed and when he started with the misogynistic shit—why they always got to do the misogynistic shit, Mis?—the bus boy dropped his tub and punched the guy in the throat. Right in it. And I wasn’t mad about it, and nobody really was—except for the guy’s girlfriend. But she threw a fit so I had to arrest the busboy. But get this, as I’m taking the guy out back—in the fucking rain, god I hate the fucking rain—I’m sure you do too Mis, always outside and shit—but anyway, so get this: so I’m walking the guy out back and there’s a car in the parking lot with a bunch of teenagers smoking a blunt so I let the busboy go—didn’t have to arrest him after all—and I walk over to their car and I tap on their window and I scare ‘em real good and now we have their weed.  Guess it wasn’t such a shitty day after all,” he finished, turn signal blinking as he made the turn towards the first ward where they had a side street off the bayou they would often park on.
Misael watched the skyline pass through the metal grates he sat behind as a free man, unlike so many before him. “You ever think about the effects of actions? Like inherent repercussions. I’m talkin’ ‘bout things besides what you perceive them to be, like, like objective—”
The radio flared up but Officer Tran turned it down. “That’s great Mis—now you know, Mis, you know, you know I love doin this shit with you, man. I mean, man. Nothing else gets me goin’ like this does. But I gotta ask you, man: Do you ever feel that you’re like, or, like, getting, like addicted? My wife’s been on my case lately but I don’t feel like I can stop, it’s not like I can’t, it’s more like I don’t—”
“Nah, my friend. I’m no addict, but I’m not quitting anytime soon either. It’s a hobby. You, you got it too, you can see that there’s something else. That there is something else going on, and you want to see it, know it, taste it. Before drugs I was lost and my vision was small. How you think a jogger would act if told she can’t run no more. Wouldn’t take it so good, man. Nah, my friend, we are not addicts.”
“Damn, Mis. You always got it more pinned down than me.” Officer Tran parked along the bayou and lit a cigarette, handing one to Misael who broke off the tip and emptied out some of the tobacco into a little plastic bag. 
They smoked another spliff and then Officer Tran pulled out a roxy he picked up in Sugar Land and they smoked it off some foil. 
“Hey I got an idea, Mis. How about we go give someone a scare, huh?  Give ‘em something to flip their wig about. Kinda like I did you, but to some motherfucker driving a car.”
“I don’t know man,” Misael says.
“Alright, alright Mis, we’ll leave it to fate, or serendipity, that shit you like so much. If some unlucky son of a gun drives by us right now, we’re grabbin ‘em.”
And so they sat, until, by chance, a car drove by, not exactly speeding but over the speed limit enough.
“Oh shit, look there’s one!” Tran yelled, excitedly, “Let’s grab him!”. He pulled out of the ditch, and turned on the lights and siren. 
The car didn’t stop, even as they turned a corner. Officer Tran turned on the intercom and told the car to pullover. “See that, Mis, you see that! He’s resisting arrest. This is some kind of serious motherfucker right here. I bet you this guy just did some shit or is currently doing some shit What if it’s sex trafficking. I bet you it’s fucking sex trafficking. Here, here. Take my gun. Shoot out his fucking’ tire. Let’s get this motherfucker.” Tran tossed Misael his gun and said, “Shoot it, Mis. Fucking shoot the tire!”
Misael stared, wide eyed at the gun in his lap. “Are you fucking insane?” Misael said. “I can’t do it! Are you fuckin’ crazy, man? You’re too fucking high!” 
“I’m a cop, it’s ok, we’ll get away with it!” Tran said and Misael said he couldn’t fucking do it  so Office Tran reached over and grabbed Misael’s hand and put it on the wheel and he grabbed the gun and he leaned out the window and shot out the driver’s side rear tire and the car crashed into a street lamp. 
Misael and Tran both jumped out of the car as soon as they parked it and rushed over to the crashed car. Misael crouched down on his knees and put his hands on the ground, eyes real wide. Officer Tran grabbed the gun back from Misael and pointed it at the driver’s side door of the car and yelled, “Alright, dumbass. That’s the end of it. Come out with your hands up.” 
But no one got out of the car.
“Fuck, man, maybe he’s hurt! Or dead!” Misael cried out, still crouched on the ground. “Fuck, man.”
Wide eyed.
Officer Tran leaned his chin up and called out, “I am now assuming you are injured or otherwise incapacitated. I am approaching the car, do not make any sudden moments or I swear to every God that I will shoot you dead!”
Officer Tran lunged over to the driver’s side door, gun drawn and yelled out, “This is it, pal!”
It was a self-driving car. 
Ain’t that some shit?

Listen:
            There is the sound—barely audible in the hustle and bustle of the midday to and fro on Heimlich Boulevard, with the sunlight ricocheting off of cars and sidewalks and sunglasses on this rainless day—the sound of the front right wheel of a stroller catching on the sidewalk. All around are the store windows and door openings, the car parkings and wallet splittings of central Marinara, Oregon where the flora are the boutiques, and the yoga studios, and the dutifully stocked grocery stores which do not offer such services as Bill Pay or the sale of pest control products. But in all of this, the to and fro, you can hardly hear the whisper of the stroller wheel resettling on the pavement. 
What you can definitely hear, cutting across the to and fro, is the doppler passing of heavy metal blaring from a van painted matte black and then Tatiana saying, “Lo siento, but I always thought Rob was kind of a dumbass, anyway,” and the laughter and chatter of the three brown skinned women pushing the blanketed and pale stroller clad babies down Heimlich Boulevard to Louisiana Lane and up Reagan, like they did every day when it didn’t rain. 
But, one of them isn’t thinking about the laughter, or the babies, or the craft supply stores. She is thinking about the part of town where they all live, where the mecca is the Wal-Mart and the parking lots are stained. And she is thinking about her daughter—whom she had a surprise for after work—the daughter who earlier that day had asked her why they didn’t live somewhere that mattered like L.A. or god anywhere but Marinara, and I hate you and why is this our lives. And she is thinking about her husband and how he just went to work everyday and went to sleep every night and didn’t care for anything in between. “Tranquilo, Tati, just be glad you don’t have any chicos to worry about back home,” is what she said. 
“Ojala que nunca necesitas,” chimed Consuelo and they all laughed and kept rolling down Reagan Road with their respective strollers carrying  the babies of the people who determined if they could or could not spend Christmas Eve at home and the increments in which they paid off their credit cards.
But mostly she is thinking about the man dressed as the statue of liberty who always stood on the street corner at Sachs and Phiff in front of the Liberty Payday Loan and how he helped her get the surprise for her daughter and what it is that he did every day. 
How strange, she often thought, how strange for such a large man to be in such a costume. Such a dumb, cheap felt robe and crown, all the same green except for his dark, black face and his glasses and his hands holding the sign advertising universal eligibility for up to $3,000* IN UNDER ONE HOUR. She thinks about this man often and about that strip center she passed by everyday on the bus to the place where the wealth was supposed to trickle down from.
But she never thought about the empty storefront at the end of the stripcenter across the street from the Liberty Payday Loan—innocuously vacant, just like every other unit except for the Subway—the empty unit that used to be a Radio Shack—and what goes on inside of there now.
But how could she have thought about it—how could anyone have? No one knew what really went on in there. No one even knew that there was something to be known about what went on in there. Not even Dub--the man who earned right to live by dressing up as the Statue of Liberty and holding a sign--knew about it. As far as he knew, it was just another abandoned strip center storefront, this one just happened to be the one he got high behind during his break. 
But the other day, about a week ago, he was sitting on a milkcrate in the median with the sign propped up against his side, listening to his phone ringing as he called into KMOR, trying to win some concert tickets to sell, when he could've sworn he saw the metal garage door which sealed off the Radioshack from the world lift up a bit and that he could briefly hear heavy metal music softly leak from under it. Strange, he thought—but then it turned out that he was, in fact, the twenty third caller and he had won the tickets, so he forgot about it all together and focused on the score.
The tickets were to see Hearts of Calm at the Veranda. The tickets would be a quick sell. Everybody loves Hearts of Calm. 
Everybody, that is, except for local Marinara band, Bohemian Groove and other such others who—for better or for worse—chose to paddle instead of unfurling a sail. But, the Bohemian Groove duo were a couple of entrepreneurial-son-of-a-guns, so they had gone on down to The Veranda and dropped off a copy of their demo and gotten themselves booked to open for Hearts of Calm tonight. 
Everyone in Marinara would be there. It would be the perfect time to do what they had always wanted to do, and as follows, they were very excited about what they forecasted to follow.

Esperanza, too—that’s her name, the nanny with whom we are concerned—is very excited about the show tonight. And right now, in particular, she is thinking about the man dressed as the Statue of Liberty because he had sold her the tickets earlier that morning to take her daughter to see Hearts of Calm at the Veranda. She stuffed her hand in her pockets and held the tickets, just to touch them, as if to make sure they were still there, still real.She had kept them in there all day, kept them as close to herself as possible so she wouldn’t lose them or forget them or something else awful like that and ruin the show for her daughter. 
She smiled and wondered what the Statue of Liberty man was thinking about and Tatiana said, “Mija, I don’t care what you say. These walks just make me tired, not more fit. Besides, Erman hasn’t said shit about my body, he just asks why my clothes are sweaty.”
But right now the tall, dark Statue of Liberty man isn’t thinking anything, he is clenching his teeth and he is saying: “Was your house hard to find today, motherfucker? Was it?”
        And the motherfucker is shouting back: “Man, fuck you, then. Forget I said anything.”
        “Real nice, right? Having it in the same place everyday, waiting for you, with your bed and your clothes and your stereo and your fucking toothbrush. Stop frontin’, man. Say what you want, but I guarantee you that you wouldn’t like what you preach if you really dug it.” 
He shook his head, flopping the pointed foam horns on his crown, and postured his hands in the air. “I just want to live spontaneously,” he mocked, “I’m tired of the expected. You know who’s really tired? The other motherfuckers out there running around with no place to live, the ones who live outside of a pattern. Leave me alone with all that shit, man. Last time I ask you how you’ve been lately.” He opened the small baggie he’d just been handed and took a whiff.
“Tellin’ me about how you wish you lived in total chaos; actin’ like you hate the system. We’re lucky every day is the same. We’re lucky we get to live under roofs. Shit, what you should be thinking about is when you can’t expect what’s going to happen next. That’s when it get’s fucked up.”
        “Fuck you, Dub. You know my house ain’t shit. I’m gonna do whatever I want, whenever I want,” said the motherfucker and the backdoor to the Subway opened up a few yards away and a sad looking teenage girl with mustard stained pants and eyes glued to the ground, dragged a leaking trash bag to the dumpster past them. You could smell it, the wet trash, the viscous drips through the thin bulk trash bags trailing behind the snail-girl as she dragged the bag with both hands just an inch above the concrete below, the bag smacking against her ankles as she limped towards the dumpster.
         Dub and the motherfucker watched her for a moment before Dub reached into the headband he wore beneath his foam crown, slapped twenty dollars into the motherfucker’s hand and said, “Thanks for coming through.” 
The motherfucker put his oversized headphones back on his head, spit on the ground, and held his middle finger in the air until he rounded the corner of the back of the strip center back onto Sachs boulevard.
Dub was tired. He had been tired. As soon as the summer ended he figured he’d finally have enough money saved up from selling tickets to quit this job for at least a couple of months. A couple months without having to clock in every day—a couple of months to focus on himself, to finish his online C++ to Python coding class. It wouldn’t be long, but it’d be worth it. He had three month’s rent saved and if he kept scoring radio giveaway tickets he could get by for a bit without having to sweat into green felt. 
He wondered if the woman that picked up the phones at KMOR ever thought about him, the man behind the voice. 
He didn’t want to have to go to the shitty grocery store in South Marinara with pink and yellow slips every month. He was tired of the arrogance he found in his peers. He broke off some of the weed from the baggie and loaded it into the bowl of his one hitter and considered getting a new pot dealer, knowing that he wouldn’t.

The thing about the Bohemian Groove demo is this: it’s fake. It is a real recording of them playing real songs but it is them playing songs they wrote for the occasion to sound like Hearts of Calm. The duo behind Bohemian Groove went so far as to fabricate an entire back catalogue, website, merchandise, and concert ledger to land the gig—and they got it.
As brazen as they chose to be day-to-day, blaring metal out of their black tour van in central Marinara to “subvert the consumer base”, both Dan and Klint were quite talented musicians reared through a well-funded middle school band. Both of them had played the saxophone and both of them had thought that everything around them was just the worst—they’d been friends ever since. They had even stayed in touch when Dan went away to study literature in Colorado and have since reunited now that Dan has returned to Marinara to live at his parents’ house while he paid off his loans.
If we were to head north on Lousiana Lane, and take a left at San Jacinto we would find his parents’ house on the corner of a block of mismatched houses, some over one hundred years old and others with unflecked paint. It was the tired old house of a tired and sick family centered around a tired and sick patriarch—their house occupying some liminal space between the painted brick facades and the sun baked brick and slanted foundations. It was because of the sickness—the dad’s—that the house never made it all the way to par—the state of health insurance being as it is, expendable income suddenly became less expendable and the paint and the tile and the conversations of the ups and downsides of lacquered hardwood versus natural finish left the master bedroom.
But  now Dan had his big shot. His plan had worked and him and Klint got themselves booked at the biggest show in Marinara. They had infiltrated the public eye and he was going to fix it all.
But Dan and Klint hadn’t always been so sure it would work.
A few weeks back, when they had been editing and mastering the recordings on their so-called second album, there was frustration in the room: “I could feel that way about it if it would make you feel better about the situation,” said Dan to Klint while Klint turned on his heels, pacing the room after telling Dan that he was nervous about the recordings, that he didn’t think they’d buy it, that it wouldn’t be authentic enough.
“Listen, man,” Dan continued, “I spent a whole week listening to Hearts of Calm albums in my car, on my headphones at work, while I slept, while I fucked my girlfriend, all the time—we nailed it. It’s all about lush guitars with vocal harmonies and trap beats. Easy. We did exactly that. They’ll love it.”
Klint took off his beanie and pulled back his long blonde blonde hair, laughing. “Sam really lets you fuck her to Hearts of Calm?” 
“She knows what it’s for, man. Besides, anti-capitalist revolt is pretty much all we talk about in bed.”
Klint laughed again. “Either way, man, I feel like the songs just aren’t genuine. They’ll be able to tell.”
“Genuine?” said Dan, “What the fuck is genuine anymore? You know just as well as I do that pop music is a capitalist venture and nothing more, just like pharma and the wedding industrial complex.”
Dan and Klint both grew up in the part of Marinara that shopped in central Marinara. Because of this, they came from enough privilege to myopically get into things like anarchy and semiotics and have big ideas that were going to blow the lid off this joint, man.
Except that this time, they really were going to blow the lid off this joint.
Klint used to work at the now defunct Radioshack on Sachs and Phiff and, through several calculated maneuvers, is still in possession of the keys. It was the first place with a now hiring sign that he came came across biking around south Marinara where his mother told him to go because it “would be easier to get a job there”.
Still fuming over the lack of action from the Occupy movement and he what he had decried to be the inherent impotence of civil disobedience in a lengthy online zine he published called “The Unstoppable Force Against the Unmovable Masses”, Dan had determined that the only way to enact change was to physically change something and ever since the Radioshack went under, the two of them had been using it as their clandestine bomb making lab and server hosting location so their IP wouln’t be traceable to either of their houses. Klint was good at googling things and they both had the strong work ethic and misanthropy combination fomented by a suburban upbringing—making the bombs was no problem.

And now it is five p.m.—the show is at eight—and they were getting ready to bring the bombs—there were two of them, inconspicuously housed in guitar cases slung over their shoulders—over to the Veranda.
Their van, one of several items which slid their way into Dan’s possession as his father’s Parkinson’s intensified, was currently parked several blocks away from the Veranda, just outside the commercial district. Dan’s father had used the van for his plumbing business, but now, incapacitated, Dan’s mother had given it to him. The first thing Dan did was paint it black.
Yesterday they paid their friend Celine to drive the van—with freshly swapped plates—to get it done up at AutoBody shop in south Marinara—the new blue paint job reading “Moe’s Mobile Movers”—and had her park the van several blocks away from the Veranda so they wouldn’t ever be seen with the getaway vehicle. So, vanless, they were bound to the bus.
“This makes me real fuckin’ nervous, man,” said Klint to Dan and Dan leaned over the empty counter in the empty Radioshack and said back to Klint, “We’re about to make everybody real fuckin’ nervous, man.”
Klint, turning off the LED lantern suspended from the ceiling and walking to the backdoor said, “Yeah, only if we make it there. Having to carry this shit on public transit wigs me out.”
“Just think of it as a funny situation. Surreal even,” said Dan as he opened the backdoor and Dub, in his Statue of Liberty costume, coughed out a plume of smoke and said, “What the fuck are yall doin’ in there?”
“Fuck are you doing back here?” said Dan, eyeing the pipe.
“Waitin’ for the bus,” said Dub.
Klint’s fingers shook on the shoulder strap of his guitar case.
“Well then, looks like we’re heading in the same direction,” said Dan. He smiled to Klint then back at Dub and asked for a hit.
Dub eyed him for a moment, tall kid, shaved head, black hoodie. Freckles. He handed over the one hitter and the three of them finished the bowl—well, Klint didn’t take a hit, he said he wasn’t feeling well—and they walked to the bus stop together and sat on the bench and Dan couldn’t stop grinning and Klint couldn’t stop shivering and Dub couldn’t stop thinking about how much he hated punks. He did like that they never called the pigs though.

A word about Dan:
        Contrary to what he espoused, his post-coital scenes—the post always arriving sooner than he would like—looked more like him little-spooning himself against Sam and saying: “I just can’t get it out of my head that we are either going to get sick and die or we aren’t and— and— I’ve been trying to reprogram myself so that every time I find myself to not be sick that I need to do something, anything, to advance myself for the next time I end up sick,” and she would spoon him and he would ask her to scratch his head and she would and he would have a hard time falling asleep and as she inevitably rolled over he would plot plots in his stillness.

The Marinara Area Transit System has been referred to as modest by its proponents and insubstantial and unnecessary by certain Marinara City Council members. The addition of the B-Side bus route connecting south Marinara to central Marinara passed through the full gauntlet of legislative battles and lobbying on both sides but it eventually came to be. Esperanza was very grateful for this because it’s what she rode to work everyday to get to the Stockton’s house and particularly right now because she and her daughter were taking it into town to get dinner before the show at the Veranda. 
Claire, Esperanza’s daughter, had insisted on dinner before the show and Esperanza had saved up a little bit of money for the evening and her husband didn’t care anyway and Claire said, “Thank you, thank you, mami,” and asked if she could get a Hearts of Calm t-shirt after the show.
At the stop for Sachs and Phiff, Esperanza almost fainted with joy when the Statue of Liberty man and two white boys got on the bus, although he did look strange wearing just the green gown without the crown on his head. How funny, she thought, how funny that he is here right now, right when we are about to use his tickets! and then she thought about how wonderful God truly was and how he really did work in mysterious ways.
        Dan and Klint went straight to the back of the bus and sat in the long connected seat in the back row. “You’re sweating, man. It’ll be cool, just think about what’s gonna happen later tonight, man. Just think about that,” said Dan to Klint and Klint, sweating, said to Dan, “That’s exactly what I’m thinking about,” and outside of the bus, sitting at the next stop, the motherfucker was thinking about what he was going to do tonight just as the bus was pulling up.
        When the bus came to a stop and the doors opened for him, the motherfucker turned up the volume on his headphones, hopped on the bus, and when the driver looked at him, he looked back at her, and she looked up at him, and Dub looked up at the motherfucker, and the motherfucker looked at the driver and he pulled out his gun, right then and there, and shot her dead, right then and there, and Dub stood up and yelled, “What the fuck, motherfucker!” but the motherfucker didn’t hear him because he turned his music all the way up but, seeing Dub, shouted back, “I do what I want!” and he pushed the bus driver out of her seat and into the aisle and he jumped behind the steering wheel and he started driving the bus right down Phiff Avenue yelling and whooping and proclaiming that he does whatever he wants whenever he wants.
        Claire screamed.
        Esperanza screamed.
        Pretty much everyone on the bus—everyone except for Dub and Dan—was screaming.
        “Holy shit, man!” yelled Klint, “Holy shit, Dan! This is fucked!” and he stood up and panicked and tried to break the window of the bus to climb out of it and Dan told him to keep his cool and Dub sat, frozen, staring at the dead woman lying in the aisle, looking into her eyes and thinking about how fast they glazed over, how quickly life ended, and the motherfucker didn’t too much like what Klint was up to so he turned around and shot a bullet, and no one knew if he was just lucky or a really good shot, but that bullet went right through Klint’s neck and he dropped to his seat and his bag clanked against the floor and Dan lost it. That was it. The jig was up. 
“You idiot!” Dan screamed at the world and he pulled out his phone and he dialed the number and the phone rang once and the bombs went off.
        The way it happened was like this: the two bombs in the backseat ripped the entire back half of the bus off of the front end which propelled forward, crushing two sedans ahead of it on the road. Esperanza and Claire, who were sitting in the middle of the bus, just in front of the split, were ripped out of the bus by the force of the explosion. Esperanza never got up again but Claire eventually woke up in a hospital bed two days later in critical care, with severe burns and internal bleeding. The back half of the bus splintered as it rolled down the street, hurling pieces of itself in all directions, into store windows, street signs, other cars, parking lots, and traffic lights and Dan’s body was so obliterated from his proximity to the bombs that nothing was recovered. 
There were twenty three people on board the bus, of which the only two survivors were Claire and and an Italian man in his fifties riding in the front seat who, the very next day, walked into his paralegal job, with his arms outstretched, and proclaimed that he quit, choosing to sell all of his belongings and move to Guadalajara to live in an artist squat house, because, as he had said on his way out to his best friend at the office, the mail clerk: “This glass has become too brittle for me to hold.” 
The motherfucker went through the front windshield of the bus and every bone in his body was crushed under the weight of the wreckage scraping him into the concrete laid by men who never anticipated this.
        Right before the bombs went off, Dub was on his hands and knees in the aisle staring into the eyes of the dead bus driver and in that moment he knew that we are all in the belly of a precarious machine and that all the artifice, the celebrities, the holidays, the politicians, the support beams, the police, the health insurance, the foreign policy, all of it—flawed as they are—each of them formed a part of the accidental lattice holding the machine together—and he knew that given the complexity of the universe, all of the moving parts, each concerned with their own continuity over the machine’s—that given all that, all together, it’s a miracle that anything ever worked at all.
        And had the piece of metal shrapnel from the roof of the bus not come careening down the road and torn right through his jaw and ripped out the back of his scalp he would’ve smiled, because he knew that the machine was just trying to do what he was trying to do, what the motherfucker was trying to do, what every single one of them was trying to do every single day.